Features/create ubiquity os user manual (#94)
ubiquity/business-development: UbiquityOS-User-Manual/developer_onboarding/getting-started/step-by-step-onboarding/README.md

Reviewer: This whole page needs to be checked, punctuation, capitalization

# Step by Step Onboarding

The **DevPool Flow** provides a step-by-step guide for new contributors to integrate into the DevPool and succeed as active members of the Ubiquity-OS ecosystem.&#x20;

By following these steps, contributors can effectively engage with the  DevPool.

### Step 1: Set Up Your GitHub Account

1.  **Sign Up**

    Visit our GitHub Official Website and click on "**Sign Up**" if you don\`t have account or if you have already have a GitHub account click on "**Login**" to get stand with GitHub. Complete the registration form to create your account.
2.  **Verify Your Identity**

    Follow the prompts to verify your account. Secure your account with two-factor authentication.

> Then, go to the devpool directory and log it with your GitHub account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, go to the DevPool directory and log it with your GitHub account.
```

<figure><img src="../../../.gitbook/assets/image (6) (1).png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Next, GitHub prompt you to register to the DevPool Registration&#x20;

<div align="center"><figure><img src="../../../.gitbook/assets/image (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1).png" alt="" width="322"><figcaption></figcaption></figure></div>

Fill out the information such as username and Password.

<figure><img src="../../../.gitbook/assets/image (2) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1).png" alt="" width="375"><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Finally, authenticate the ubiquity bot to access you personal date for registration. &#x20;

### Step 2: Start Contributing

* **Browse Available Tasks**

Browse Available Tasks for opportunities that match your skills. View task details, deadlines, Priority level and rewards.

* Sort tasks by **Price, Time, Priority,** or **Recent Activity**.
* Logging in with GitHub enables real-time text filtering by keyword.

<figure><img src="../../../.gitbook/assets/image (3) (1) (1) (1) (1).png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

> select the task that much to your skill and check out the issue in GitHub UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select a task that fits your skills and check out the issue in GitHub UI.
```

### Step 3: Open Task and use Commands start working on the Task.

* Open Task that fit to your skill

<figure><img src="../../../.gitbook/assets/image (4) (1) (1) (1).png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

* Use / commands to register and assign your self to the task.

use /help command to displays a list of all available commands and their descriptions.

<figure><img src="../../../.gitbook/assets/image (5) (1) (1) (1).png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

> this are all available list of commands&#x20;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are all available commands&#x20;
```

<figure><img src="../../../.gitbook/assets/image (6) (1) (1).png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

then, you can use&#x20;

> **1, /ask Command**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**1. /ask Command**
```

The first step is to set up your GitHub account and link it to [DevPool](https://devpool.directory/). To get started, log in to the [DevPool directory](https://devpool.directory/) using your GitHub credentials. Once inside, follow the prompts to register by entering your GitHub username and password. After providing this information, you'll be asked to approve access by authorizing the Ubiquity bot to connect to your GitHub account.&#x20;

Once registration is complete, you’re officially part of [**DevPool**](https://devpool.directory/) and can start exploring opportunities.

***

### **Step 2: Explore Available Tasks**

With your account set up, it’s time to dive into the task board, where you can explore available tasks tailored to your skills and interests. Browse through opportunities and review detailed information about each task, including specific requirements, deadlines, priority levels, and rewards. To refine your search, take advantage of sorting options to organize tasks by price, time, priority, or recent activity.

Once you find a task that aligns with your skills, you’re ready to jump in!

***

### **Step 3: Select and Start Your Task**

> Now that you've identified a task, it’s time to take the next step. Open the task to review it in detail, ensuring it’s a good fit for your skills. Once you're confident, use DevPool commands to assign yourself to the task. Start by entering the `/start` command, which automatically assigns the task to you and marks it under your responsibility. To familiarize yourself with other available commands for managing your task, type `/help`, which will display a complete list of commands and their descriptions.&#x20;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now that you've identified a task, it’s time to take the next step. Open the task to review it in detail, ensuring it’s a good fit for your skills. Once you're confident, open the associated issue in GitHub and use the `/start` command to assign yourself to the task. By doing so, `ubiquity-os` bot will automatically assign the task to you and mark it under your responsibility. To familiarize yourself with other available commands for managing your task, type `/help`, which will display a complete list of commands and their descriptions.&#x20;
```

    Follow the prompts to verify your account. Secure your account with two-factor authentication.

> Then, go to the DevPool directory and log it with your GitHub account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, go to the DevPool directory and log in with your GitHub account.
```

`/ask How do I set up the development environment?`

> **2, /Wallet Command**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**2. /Wallet Command**
```
you didn't fix other numbers...
